hey guys it's me again and this is my
first Legend of Zelda spirit tracks
videos um I already beat in the game and
I just wanted to show um how you
actually get those treasure chests on
the building oh okay um first of all do
it completely you this song of birds for
this like blow you get it um right
before you go to a ocean sanctuary okay
that's gonna make the cuccos or chickens
fly over to you their official name is
at Keuka but I'm feeling a bunch of
people call them chickens anyway you get
the one on the take them all out
building fly over yeah like you have to
do it in certain spots who dragons um
you guys really want me to I suppose I
could cover getting where all the stamp
stations are maybe I'll do that in a
later video but and I might make a heart
container guide I'll just tell you where
you get all of them well first of all
you can get I heard container okay first
of all can get heart containers by
defeating the five major dungeon bosses
which usually if you don't do a side
quests at all you're just gonna get
eight heart you're gonna beat the game
with eight heart containers there's my
compass so then you can get other heart
containers by if you guys have got the
whittle tin stamp and all right around
that route you get the whittle tin stamp
there's a whip brace that you can do and
that um like and if you get if like if
you get under one minute and thirty
seconds but um more than one minute and
15 seconds you get a medium bond bag and
carry 20 bombs and if you get under 15
seconds at all you get a heart container
and I don't know about the other prizes
see I think um okay so anyway now you
just jump on that cuoco the house when
you buy the koukos for side quests and
fall exam so anyway basically yeah
that's how you would get it
mmm that's oh so uh you guys next time